README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: Update page naming conventions and CSS usage

README.md, after:

## Conventions

1. Page naming
<!-- 2. Component naming -->
2. Try using global CSS rather than Inline css
3. Distributing tasks
4. One branch one Issue
5. Deletion of branch after task completion|

## Page Naming

- Page names should be in PascalCase.
- Page names should be what the page route is + Page.
- If the pages has the components that are used in that page only, the create a folder `_components` inside the folder and put the components in that folder. THe components name should be as ComponentName + Component.

## Using CSS

- If the classNames are being used more than once in a component, then create a variable for that className and use it.

## One branch one Issue

- Create a branch for each issue itself and work on that issue in that branch only.

## Deletion of branch after task completion

- Whoever merges the branch should delete the branch after merging it to the main branch.
- If the branch is merged, don't work on that branch again. Create a new branch for the new issue.
